README.md, before:

# Executive Functions Text Analysis


## Method Pipeline

> :warning: This is a rough draft figure. It's being updated.


![method pipeline](docs/pipeline.drawio.png)


### Notebooks

**Note**: Notebooks are stored in the [notebooks/](notebooks/) folder.

- **[NB1] [Data Collection.ipynb](notebooks/1%20Data%20Collection.ipynb)**: searches PubMed, aggregates abstracts as a single dataset, and stores the results in a single CSV file.

- **[NB2] [Preprocessing.ipynb](notebooks/)**: performs tokenizing, stripping, stop words removal, word stemming, lemmatizing, and n-gram phrase detection (e.g., working_memory will be a single token instead of two words).

- **[NB3] [NB3](notebooks/)**: TODO

- **[NB4] [NB4](notebooks/)**: TODO
- **[NB5] [NB5](notebooks/)**: TODO

### Outputs

- **[D0] [data/ontologies/efo.owl](data/ontologies/efo.owl)**: executive functions ontology (i.e. EFO), with the following IRI: `http://xcit.org/ontologies/2021/executive-functions-ontology`.
- **[D1] [data/pubmed_abstracts.csv.gz](data/pubmed_abstracts.csv.gz)**: PubMed abstracts dataset of cognitive tasks and constructs; compressed in gzip format.
- **[D1] [data/pubmed_journals.csv](data/pubmed_journals.csv)**: TODO
- **[D3] [data/pubmed_abstracts_preprocessed.csv.gz](data/pubmed_abstracts_preprocessed.csv.gz)**: TODO
- **[D3] [data/pubmed_coappearances.csv.gz](data/pubmed_coappearances.csv.gz)**: TODO
- **[D5] [...]()**: TODO
- **[D6] [...]()**: TODO

Commit message:

minor fixes in the pipeline figure
Former-commit-id: 47a97b39f73e3a6e43d244cae45c8da8f318c05f [formerly c6150ecab8b8bb0caa5fded488a56187a6456080]
Former-commit-id: 1ef860303bf01e30337da1e9f0cde981d14ddcb1

README.md, after:

# Executive Functions Text Analysis

[TOC]

## Method


![method pipeline](docs/pipeline.drawio.png)


## Notebooks

> **Note**: Notebooks are stored in the [notebooks/](notebooks/) folder.

- **<kbd>NB1</kbd> [Data Collection](notebooks/1%20Data%20Collection.ipynb)**: searches PubMed, aggregates abstracts as a single dataset, and stores the results in a single CSV file.

- **<kbd>NB2</kbd> [Preprocessing](notebooks/2%20Preprocessing.ipynb)**: performs tokenizing, stripping, stop words removal, word stemming, lemmatizing, and n-gram phrase detection (e.g., working_memory will be a single token instead of two words).

- **<kbd>NB3</kbd> [Preprocessing](notebooks/2%20Preprocessing.ipynb)**: TODO

- **<kbd>NB4</kbd> [Preprocessing](notebooks/2%20Preprocessing.ipynb)**: TODO

- **<kbd>NB5</kbd> [Preprocessing](notebooks/2%20Preprocessing.ipynb)**: TODO

## Data

- **<kbd>EFO</kbd> [data/ontologies/efo.owl](data/ontologies/efo.owl)**: executive functions ontology, i.e. EFO.
  
  The EFO ontology uses the following IRI to prefix its entities: `http://xcit.org/ontologies/2021/executive-functions-ontology`.

- **<kbd>D1</kbd> [data/pubmed_abstracts.csv.gz](data/pubmed_abstracts.csv.gz)**: PubMed abstracts dataset of cognitive tasks and constructs; compressed in gzip format.
- **<kbd>D2</kbd> [data/pubmed_journals.csv](data/pubmed_journals.csv)**: TBD

- **<kbd>D3</kbd> [data/pubmed_abstracts_preprocessed.csv.gz](data/pubmed_abstracts_preprocessed.csv.gz)**: TBD

- **<kbd>D4</kbd> [data/pubmed_coappearances.csv.gz](data/pubmed_coappearances.csv.gz)**: TBD

- **<kbd>D5</kbd> [...]()**: TBD

- **<kbd>D6</kbd> [...]()**: TBD
